[theme music]
[Min-ha] Professor Yang, it's me, Min-ha.
Do you have any plans tonight, maybe?
Well, if you don't, let's have dinner
at the steakhouse across the street.
At 7:30.
Don't worry if you can't make it.
You don't have to come.
My friend lives nearby, so I can eat
with her instead if you can't make it.
But I hope
that you can still drop by either way.
[sighs]
SORRY, JUST HAVE DINNER WITH YOUR FRIENDS
[deep sigh]
SORRY, JUST HAVE DINNER
WITH YOUR FRIENDS, MERRY CHRISTMAS
SORRY, JUST HAVE DINNER WITH YOUR FRIENDS
[phone rings]
YOON SIN-HYE
[ringing continues]
Hello?
[Seok-hyeong] What about a CT scan?
So he's still conscious?
[Sin-hye] Yeah, he got a CT scan done.
The Professor of Neurosurgery said
they'd have to monitor him tonight.
[Sin-hye sighs]
Would that be okay though?
What do you think?
I'll be there in a bit.
[gentle guitar music]
THE STEAKHOUSE IN FRONT OF THE HOSPITAL
[indistinct chattering]
SORRY, JUST HAVE DINNER WITH YOUR FRIENDS
[sighs]
[PA system chimes]
[indistinct chatter on PA]
[sighs]
Ooh, hey, Seok-hyeong!
What are you still doing here?
Ah, this here is a good friend of mine,
Kang So-ye.
She'll actually be joining
our hospital next year,
but she wants to learn the job
in advance. How thoughtful, huh?
-Yes, thank you.
-Mm-hm.
-It's nice to meet you.
-Yeah, uh…
About Professor Yoon Seon-ju…
He was just admitted, right?
Cerebral hemorrhage, in his 70s.
Yeah, the CT scan shows
ICH in the right basal ganglia.
Around 15cc when we last checked,
which isn't a lot, thankfully.
And the angiogram shows no abnormalities.
Ah! His mental status is alert,
but the left side motor response
is still poor.
We're gonna monitor him all night.
Why? Do you know the guy?
They say he's a famous professor.
-[approaching footsteps]
-Over here.
[sighs]
So who's on duty for Neurosurgery tonight?
Professor Choi Hyeong-su.
But he just came in and left.
Seok-hyeong.
Yeah.
EMERGENCY CENTER
Who is that?
[smacks lips]
[light music]
[Min-ha squeals excitedly]
[light music continues]
Mmm.
Cheers!
[chuckles]
Aah.
[sucks teeth]
Mm-hm, mm-hm.
Mmm. Hmm.
Mm.
Aah.
[chuckles]
[giggles]
Mmm.
Mm-hm.
Here's a Christmas gift from our chef.
Please enjoy yourself.
["Introduce Me a Good Person"
by JOY playing]
Well, that's a pretty stingy thing
to do for a chef.
This cake is too damn small.
[chuckles]
Mm-mm.
[sighs]
[exhales deeply]
THE STEAKHOUSE IN FRONT OF THE HOSPITAL
[phone ringing]
You can wash up later.
The bathroom is still flooded.
Hm? Hey, where are you?
I called you twice already.
[Ik-sun] The study session ended just now.
What's up? Is something wrong?
No, everything is fine.
[Ik-sun] I know when you're lying.
You're clearly not okay.
-Hm?
-[Ik-sun] You just miss me, don't you?
[chuckles]
Aw, what to do?
There's no medicine for this.
Should I come see you?
Should I get on a bus now?
I miss you so much, you know.
I miss you so much
that I'm about to get a sty…
[quirky music stings]
Hold on a sec.
Out. Get lost.
[chuckles softly]
[whispers]
I was just leaving.
I don't think I can stand
to watch any more of this.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
Jeong-won just dropped by.
Oh, Ik-sun, the ring was sent back
to the hospital.
I got it earlier today.
[Ik-sun] Sent back? But why?
All it says is "Return to sender."
[Ik-sun] Oh, that's weird. I was home
all week and last week too.
Let me go ask my friend
in the room next door.
I'll call you back
as soon as I find anything.
Mm. All right, then.
He can't move his one arm
and threw up earlier, as well.
Do you think he might need surgery?
Oh, no. It's only a little bit of blood,
so the meds should take care of it.
They were right to put him under meds
that can lower the intracranial pressure
and blood pressure too.
But what happens if the bleeding
gets worse overnight?
What if his condition gets worse?
Yes, the bleeding might increase.
But I'm sure that the ICU staff
will keep taking CT scans to check.
If the bleeding does worsen,
hmm, what we can do is to
insert a tube called a catheter
to drain away all the blood.
Uh, but just in case it gets even worse,
we'll have to perform surgery.
Um, but we're still not sure.
We still don't know for sure
if the bleeding will worsen or not.
So we'll just have to wait and see
and decide later.
[sighs]
This is why it's important
to know someone from a hospital.
Thanks a lot for stopping by.
[exhales]
It's no problem.
But the ICU is full at the moment,
so we'll have to wait for a bit more.
Uh, you should sit down
and try to get some rest.
I'm sure that this won't take long.
Please see if you can
speed it up a little…
you know, for old times' sake,
Seok-hyeong.
Yeah.
[soft chuckle]
[soft music]
Wanna have dinner?
No, I'm all right.
He collapsed on a way to a family dinner.
So we made sure
to bring him here right away.
None of us have had dinner yet.
Hm-mm.
Mom must be hungry by now.
Would you know if there a gimbap place
nearby? Or a convenience store?
Yeah, there's a gimbap place
across the street.
It should still be open.
-Come with me.
-Hm?
Okay.
[soft music continues]
It's snowing a lot outside.
-Oh, that's all right.
-Thank you so much.
We'll just get some gimbap. We'll be back.
Come on, Seok-hyeong.
[Min-ha] Oh, it's so cold!
[Min-ha shivers]
-[phone ringing]
-[Min-ha shivering]
[Min-ha] Oh, no. Hold on, what do I do?
[groans, sighs]
[ringing continues]
[shivering]
Yes, I'm here.
I'm right in front of the ER.
Oh, it's snowing way too much right now.
[Seung-ju] I saw the text you sent.
Are you back already?
You said you were having a date tonight.
[Min-ha chuckles]
[Min-ha] Oh, did I say that?
I was only kidding. A date, my foot.
Anyway, I'm heading back in now.
Wait for me at the station, okay? Hmm?
[sighs]
Gosh, it's so cold.
[Min-ha exhales deeply]
[door opens]
[somber music]
[umbrella clatters]
[somber music continues]
[somber music continues playing]
[breathing heavily]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
["We Wish You A Merry Christmas"
instrument music playing]
[deep sigh]
[exhales deeply]
[Min-ha sighs]
-[Jeon] Merry Christmas, everyone!
-[Yeong-hye] Merry Christmas.
[Jong-su slurps, exhales loudly]
Aah. Hmm.
The half-dried herring
really goes well with this delicious wine.
-Doesn't it?
-It's delightful.
-Really good choice, Kettle.
-Hmm.
Oh, what do you mean by kettle?
What brand is that?
He calls me Kettle, Mr. Kettle.
[chuckles]
Oh, I see.
Hey! What are you doing there? Hurry up!
I'm guessing that it's good news,
isn't it? Huh?
That's what you want to tell me.
That's why you're coming to see me!
[Jeong-won chuckles]
[Jeong-won] What kind of good news
are you thinking of, Mom?
What do you think? You're staying
by my side forever, aren't you?
[Jeong-won] Let's talk in person
over the weekend.
All right then. And I'll have
the red carpet rolled out just for you.
I love you, Jeong-won!
[giggles, squeals]
Jong-su, pour me some wine. Fill it up.
What's wrong? What happened?
What did Jeong-won tell you?
It looks like Jeong-won is not gonna quit.
[Rosa chuckles]
-Oh, really?
-Mm-hm.
-Well, that's great.
-[Jeon inhales]
Wow, well, I'll be… Now,
that's some good news, huh? Good news!
Mm-hm.
Wait, really? He told me
he was planning on leaving soon.
Jeong-won's not going anywhere.
He's had a change of heart.
He's visiting Yangpyeong this Sunday,
but his flight was booked
for this Sunday too.
What else could that mean?
He's clearly decided to stay with me!
[laughter]
Wanna know what I think?
I think Jeong-won's got a girlfriend.
What does her family do?
-[Rosa sighs]
-And what does her father do?
Oh, how would I know about all that?
And who cares what her family does?
I'm just grateful that my 40-year-old son
has finally got a girlfriend!
-[chuckles]
-That's really good news
for the hospital too.
I was beginning
to get really worried about
how I'd manage Pediatric Surgery with him.
[chuckles]
PEDIATRIC SURGERY AHN JEONG-WON
-Oh, it's Professor Ahn calling.
-[Rosa gasps]
Well, go on and answer.
Hurry, hurry, answer it.
[chuckles]
Hey, Professor Ahn.
So what's going on with you?
Me? Well, I'm having dinner
your mother right now.
[Jeon] Mm-hm.
[Jeong-won] Do you think I could drop by
your office tomorrow?
I need to have a word with you.
[Jeon] Yes, yes, of course. You can stay
for ten hours, if you'd like.
You can drop by anytime you'd like.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
[Jeong-won] Well, all right. I'll drop by
before my outpatient appointments.
Great, I'll see you tomorrow, then.
[exhales deeply]
[chuckles]
[moans]
[sighs]
Hey, what's gonna be our next song?
"I'm doing all right now.
I've already given up on love."
"Why am I crying like a fool, huh?"
By the way…
Somebody's dating?
[quirky music stings]
Seok-hyeong is seeing someone, right?
Oh. Well, I'm not sure. He didn't say.
[clears throat]
The choice of song is suspicious.
[phone chimes]
Hey! I finally figured out what happened.
Oh, what a drag.
Oh. Hold on a sec. Hold on a sec.
Just a second.
[gasps]
[breathes heavily]
[chuckles]
[playful music]
[giggling]
It got sent back because no one was there?
[Ik-sun] That's the way it's done here.
The mailman must have dropped by
when I stepped out for a bit.
So they said they'll redeliver it.
Se-gyeong told me they would
if I called the post office
and confirmed the details,
-but I need to call right away.
-[Jun-wan] Oh.
Oh, and I still can't believe
it got sent back to you.
I can send it again.
Oh, no, it's okay.
What if something goes wrong again?
Just give it to me in person
when I'm back in Korea.
[Jun-wan] And when will that be?
I don't know.
All right. Then I'll hold onto it for now.
I don't want you to be stuck at home
just waiting for the ring.
How was school going? Doing good?
[Ik-sun] It's so hard. I should've done
this sooner. I'm really struggling.
I get tired really easily.
Doesn't my face look weird? Here, look.
You're pretty.
You don't look weird at all.
I'm guessing that your friend
is helping you a lot there.
Yeah, Se-gyeong helps me out so much.
Se-gyeong came here before I did.
They act like they're a native.
Oh. Sounds like your friend
is better than your boyfriend.
[soft chuckle]
Jun-wan, I know it's late,
but Merry Christmas.
It'll be Christmas
in a few hours there, right?
Mm-hm.
I'm sorry for leaving you alone.
I'm sorry too. And Merry Christmas.
Mm-hm. I love you.
[both chuckle]
[whispers]
I love you.
-[whispers] I love you.
-I love you.
[chuckles]
[clatters]
[theme music]
[sighs]
[upbeat music]
[breathes heavily]
[door opens]
Oh, Professor Lee.
[Ik-jun] How did you know it was me?
Well, who else would be here
wearing something like that
at this hour of the morning?
-[Ik-jun] Oh.
-[Wang] By the way…
where do you think you're going
this early, Professor?
Don't you usually sleep in?
-I'm headed to work.
-Huh?
I haven't been exercising at all,
I feel so unfit these days.
So I was thinking
I'd try riding my bike to work.
This man in black is off.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
[Ik-jun] Oh! Uh…
[door opens]
[approaching footsteps]
U-ju, I'll see you later.
Have fun with Auntie, okay? Oh--
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow. I can't believe I didn't notice
my son was growing this much.
-[chuckles]
-[Wang] I know, right?
It's like he's grown so much overnight.
He's grown this big
in a short amount of time.
Isn't that odd?
[clicks tongue]
The New Year has come.
I guess he got another growth spurt
now that he's older.
What? Sorry?
You aren't really making much sense.
Mmm.
[Ik-jun clears throat]
[inhales sharply]
Well, Auntie.
[sucks teeth]
Sometimes, yesterday feels a lot more
like today, and vice versa, too.
And sometimes, the day after tomorrow
feels like the past, you know?
All right, look here.
[device whirrs]
[lively music]
[exhales deeply]
-[passerby] Hey there, take it easy.
-Thank you.
Hey, hey, hey, let's take a break as well.
Oh, I have a headache.
[groans]
Hey, don't push yourself.
It's a cold day out today.
Oh, come on. We're almost there.
Get up. Come on, let's get going.
[retches]
Hey, what's wrong? Are you okay?
-Are you all right?
-[retches]
[breathing heavily]
[groans]
I'm… Help.
[tense music]
Hey, hey, mister.
[ik-jun] Mister, hey. Open your eyes. Sir?
What is it you're feeling?
And what's your name?
[groans]
My head is…
[groaning in pain]
-[groaning continues]
-[Ik-jun] It's okay.
[groaning and gasping]
[groaning in pain]
[tense music continues]
It's okay, I'm a doctor.
Please call an ambulance.
He might be having a stroke.
[passerby] Oh, okay.
[gasping]
[gasps]
[Ik-jun breathes heavily]
[Ik-jun exhales deeply]
[Ik-jun] It's gonna be okay, sir.
[siren wailing]
911 RESCUE SERVICES
[sighs, gasps]
[Ik-jun] I'm sorry,
but can I borrow your penlight?
Sure.
[sighs]
It's a good thing
his pupil reaction seems fine.
Uh… Oh, by the way,
which hospital are we going to?
-To Yulje.
-Oh, Yulje. Ahh.
[paramedic] It's before rush hour,
so there shouldn't be any traffic.
That's right, it's still early morning.
Excuse me, which hospital do you go to?
'Cause if it's on our way back
from Yulje we can probably drop you off.
Oh, it's okay.
There's really no need. Thanks.
Really, I'll be okay.
[rattling]
[car door slams close]
[approaching footsteps]
[car door opens, closes]
[sighs]
Gosh, it sure is cold today.
[sucks teeth]
[exhales deeply]
I got here way too early.
[car approaching]
Are you a ghost?
Hey, what are you doing here?
-[both chuckle]
-[Ik-jun] Where's your car?
Any why are you here so early, sleepyhead?
Well, something happened.
Didn't you go to Sokcho?
I've got a lecture in the morning.
Thanks again!
I just came early to prepare.
I'm getting my new car later today.
Did you ride a bike here?
What are you wearing?
-Oh, is it weird? Am I lame?
-Yeah, you're weird and lame.
Want some coffee? Don't you need
to have a cup of coffee in the morning?
Coffee?
[soft chuckle]
Sure, let's have some. Come to my office.
All right.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
[playful piano music]
-[Seung-ju] Hi, good morning.
-[woman] Good morning, Professor Yang.
Hello, good morning.
[sighs]
Come on in.
[both] Good morning, Professor.
Yeah, hello.
You're not getting in?
I left something at the car.
Please go ahead.
-[automated voice] The door is closing.
-[sighs]
[clicks tongue]
[playful piano music continues]
[nurse 1] Ms. Song, ER's sending
a patient now. Is that okay?
Tell them it's fine.
And see if Room 11 is ready.
[nurse 1] Got it. Yes, you can send in
the patient.
[phone clanks]
[Gyeo-ul] Hm, this patient here
had a hepatectomy,
but the urine output decreased a lot.
Was everything okay last night?
Yeah, I went over there and checked.
The patient was doing all right,
and I confirmed that
we change the IV bags.
Dr. Jang, Park Cheol-yong in Room 10
has a fever of 38.5 degrees,
and he's shivering badly.
What should we do?
Uh, give him an IV and a fever reducer.
-I'll go check up on him.
-[nurse 2] Okay.
[playful piano music continues]
[Jun-wan] I have surgery
first thing in the morning.
You've seen me go to work this early. Oh!
I think I'll be late.
I'll call you tonight, okay?
-Hmm.
-[phone beeps]
[door opens]
Hey, have you seen my shampoo around?
Shampoo? No, I haven't.
Jeez, you stingy prick.
You can have it all.
[Jeong-won] Why? Give it a try.
It's really good. You should try it too.
-I have. It's great.
-[both grunt]
[playful piano music continues]
-[door slams]
-Did he play baseball or something?
That was a good throw.
[sighs]
Have you been practicing?
[scoffs]
Oh, yeah, I have.
[Gyeo-ul clears throat]
Then please do it in front of me.
[groans]
[sighs]
[breathes heavily]
[blows air]
[groans]
[Gyeo-ul] You haven't been
practicing hard enough.
-This really isn't good.
-[patient 1] It's my stomach…
My stomach hurts so much.
It feels tight, and I feel so weak too.
Doctor, just let me do it at my pace.
If you develop pneumonia again,
you might need to go back to the ICU.
Five times, every hour.
Do it right before you rest.
I'll be back here in the afternoon,
and I expect you to be able
to fully lift a ball by then.
-You understand?
-[sighs]
Yes. I'll make sure
he practices his blowing well.
Great. See you.
[playful piano music continues]
[both sigh]
[both groan]
[machine beeping]
[Jun-wan] What's the patient's diagnosis?
[suction sucking]
[nurse 3] Uh…
[Jun-wan] Their age?
I'm sorry, sir.
[Jun-wan] What kind of surgery
has the patient had?
Are you just here to watch me do this?
Make sure you study before you come in.
[nurse 3] I'm sorry, sir.
[Jun-wan] We'll do a purse-string suture.
Just keep checking the vitals
and then check
for any drainage color change.
We're doing a Doppler ultrasound today,
so check for fluid collection
in the hilum.
Understood, sir.
I'm counting on you two.
[upbeat piano music]
PEDIATRIC SURGERY
Were you able to count everything?
-We're still short one dressing set.
-Oh, Room 8 is using one now.
Okay.
Oh! Hello, Professor Ahn.
Hello. Good morning.
[upbeat piano music continues]
[Gyeo-ul] Seung-ho had a fever last night.
So we gave him an IV and a fever reducer,
he still has a fever, though.
A fever is only common because of
the post-surgery condition of the lungs.
I'll, uh, visit him during my rounds.
Do we have Chae-eun's results?
The liver Doppler ultrasound results
look good,
but she isn't in a good mood.
She became a bit of a pessimist
ever since the liver transplant.
[gloomy music]
Hello, Chae-eun.
Ah, hello, Professor Ahn.
-Chae-eun, Professor Ahn is here.
-Hm?
[playful music]
-[whispers] What's up with her?
-[mouths] No idea.
Has she been eating well?
Oh, yes, she's a very good eater.
Ah.
[sucks teeth]
Then I think she can
go back home tomorrow.
All the test results look good.
-I think she'll be fine--
-Dr. Ahn.
Yes, Chae-eun.
How much longer do I have to live?
[soft gasp]
I always hear my mom
asking you that whenever you're here.
"How much longer can my Chae-eun
keep living with this new liver?"
[sighs]
I don't know either.
But I'm pretty sure that
you're going to outlive me.
[gentle music]
I'm sure that you'll live a lot longer
than I will, so don't worry about it.
[chuckles]
All right?
[Jeong-won] See you.
-Jin-u is up next.
-All right.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[breathing heavily]
[Min-ha] It really stings, doesn't it?
I'll be gentle. We're almost done.
Okay.
How many more times
do I need to keep doing this?
I don't think that I can get used to this.
-[Min-ha chuckles]
-[phone rings]
Oh, excuse me.
-[tool clanks]
-[gloves rustle]
Yes, Professor Yang.
[Seok-hyeong] We have a primi-patient,
12 weeks.
She lost weight
because of her morning sickness,
-so I told her she should be hospitalized.
-Mm.
[nurse] I'll go get you
a new dressing set.
Okay, thank you.
Got it. So just order lab tests
and give an IV?
[Seok-hyeong] Are you doing
something right now?
What?
[Seok-hyeong] You're changing
someone's dressing?
[stutters]
Yeah.
Then just call me back when you're done.
[beeps]
Hm.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
[gloves rustle]
[door whirring]
Make sure the Hemovac doesn't
get disconnected and close it up well.
And dress the wound thoroughly. See you.
[doctor] Got it.
Thank you, Professor Chae!
-[Song-hwa] Hey there, Seok-min.
-[Seok-min] Hey, I dropped by to see you.
-Are you busy now?
-[Song-hwa] Yes, I am.
[Seok-min] Ah. Well, looks like you
don't care about leaving me after all.
Just give me five minutes.
You've been slacking off way too often.
Don't you have to study?
[Seok-min] I was studying up until
ten minutes ago. Where are you right now?
I'm at the Operating Unit.
Come up in five minutes.
[Seok-min] Wait a minute,
what are you doing there?
Ah, jeez, were you assisting
Professor Min yet again?
We're short-staffed, so I had to.
Why did you have to leave?
I wish you were here to help out.
[Seok-min] Why do you take care of it
when the fellows could have done all that?
They're the busiest ones here.
I have the most time to spare.
-Anyway, I'll see you in a bit.
-[phone beeps]
[Song-hwa sighs]
[gasps]
[sighs]
Hey!
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[both chuckle awkwardly]
[laughs]
Is Chi-hong doing well at Jongno?
He's starting at the Jongno branch
this week, right?
Yes, his rotation starts today.
He didn't have to go over there,
but I heard he volunteered.
I suggested that he do it.
[sighs]
Professor Chae.
They were short-staffed,
and they needed the help.
I figured nothing bad
would come out of it.
They handle a wider range of cases.
And the more you do, the quicker
you'll learn how to deal with them.
[Seon-bin] Hmm.
Did I sound like an old man?
Oh, my goodness…
Well, if you're an old man,
then Chae Song-hwa and company…
[sucks teeth]
…are the only ones
who aren't old geezers in this hospital.
[scoffs]
I don't wanna be an old geezer.
[gasps]
I'd rather be a villain.
[inhales]
The greatest villain in this hospital.
[retreating footsteps]
Don't tell me you've begun living here.
That's exactly what I did.
Want some crackers?
[munching]
Wait, that's…
[munching continues]
Are you eating my crackers?
[comical music]
[Seok-min] Ah.
Thanks a lot, Professor Chae.
The lecture's gonna
take place somewhere else,
so I wasn't sure how to bring it up.
And my brother asked me to go
so I couldn't refuse.
[Song-hwa] Asking him
will only take a second.
Ik-jun would gladly do it if he's free.
He likes doing these.
It's too bad he's always busy.
He's in my office now. We can ask him.
[Seok-min] Thanks again.
But does it really have to be Ik-jun?
These are my snacks.
Why do you have to keep eating them?
These are my favorite.
[scoffs]
Wow.
Oh, jeez.
[scoffs]
Get out, Ahn Jeong-won.
I said get out.
Get out! Get out of Jun-wan's body now.
Get out! You really won't?
You won't? Be gone!
Be gone! Be gone!
-Stop. I said stop--
-[Ik-jun] Be gone! Be gone!
Be gone! Leave Jun-wan's body alone.
-Be gone! Leave him be!
-Hey!
[grunting]
Be gone!
Professor Lee Ik-jun is very popular.
He's the leading
liver transplant expert. Wow.
[both chuckle]
They specifically requested
Lee Ik-jun for this.
He's a great lecturer
and a great doctor too.
He's deeming with lots of charisma,
you know?
Mm-hm. Really?
[chuckles]
[both grunting]
-[Jun-wan] Come here, you--
-[Jun-wan and Ik-jun grunt]
-[both grunting]
-[upbeat music]
[Jun-wan laughing]
[both laughing]
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[Jun-wan] Hey, that's enough!
[laughter]
He'll do it.
Ik-jun said he will do it.
[quirky music stings]
Just text me the time and location.
He'll be there. Don't worry about it.
[chuckles]
See you later.
-[Ik-jun and Jun-wan grunting]
-[upbeat music]
Bye.
-[quirky music stings]
-[Ik-jun laughs]
Patient Cho Seon-hwa said she felt
less fetal movement this morning.
-You did an NST?
-Good morning.
[Eun-won] Yes, the variability seemed
all right when we checked earlier.
And she said she was feeling
more fetal movement now as well.
Check her ultrasound and keep me posted.
Sure.
Min-ha, can you spare me a moment?
[Min-ha] Sure.
So, what happened to your hair?
Did you just wash it?
Don't ask.
[Song-hwa and Jun-wan grunt]
[inhales, grunts]
Wait, Jun-wan…
[Ik-jun grunts]
[clicks tongue]
He was possessed by you,
so I did a ritual.
Wait, what do you mean?
You are inside me.
[phone chimes]
You freak.
Kim Jun-wan speaking.
[nurse] We're having a bit of a hard time
with the peripheral IV for Eun-ji.
All right, I'm headed there.
I'll check it out. Bye.
-[door opens]
-So, where's Seok-hyeong at?
[door closes]
He's at a cafe meeting someone.
Who is it? He isn't the type
to meet someone at a cafe.
-Is it a woman?
-Yeah, it's Yoon Sin-hye.
[exhales deeply]
Sounds familiar.
His ex-wife.
Her father's hospitalized.
He should've told me.
I know, right? I thought he'd tell us,
but I got nothing.
Her father will be discharged
in a day or two.
She must have wanted
to say goodbye to him in person.
[sucks teeth]
Ik-jun, my old friend.
Hmm, yes, Jeong-won old champ?
I've been curious about something.
What is it?
[sharp inhale]
How is it that you always know everything?
Oh, well, that's simply because
I'm interested in everything.
But look, I'm curious
about something else as well.
Hm? What is it?
How much time do you need
to unwrap that damn pickled radish?
[munching]
Look at Song-hwa. She ate
an entire line of gimbap without it.
[Song-hwa munching]
-There was pickled radish?
-[utensils clank]
[playful music]
[moans]
I'm sorry about that.
[Seok-hyeong] Pass the phone
to someone else when you're doing that.
The patient must have been uncomfortable.
You're right. I'm really sorry.
I understand that you answered
right away because I called you,
but don't answer my calls
when you're in that situation.
You can always call back when you're done.
Yes, you're right.
[chuckles]
-[phone rings]
-[deep inhale]
Oh, Sin-hye.
[Seok-hyeong] I'll be there
in three minutes.
[sighs]
Yes, it happens and once is okay.
But it shouldn't happen twice, okay?
Yeah.
-See you.
-Yeah.
[Min-ha sighs]
Oh, look. Yeon-u's mother is here again.
Hello, ma'am. Good afternoon.
Is it raining outside?
No, I just brought an umbrella
because they said it might rain,
but I doubt it will.
[chuckles]
Oh, I was in the area
and I wanted to stop by.
Here, have some tangerines.
I picked them fresh from my parent's farm.
Oh, that's okay. You know we aren't
allowed to accept gifts from the patrons.
Oh, I know. I know. I totally understand.
I practically lived here for three years.
Now, what do I do with these?
Oh, I'll just throw them away then.
Please throw these out for me.
Pretty please?
Oh, no. Thank you so much.
[both chuckle]
By the way, is Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul
not here today?
-She's in the ICU. Oh, there she is.
-[Yeon-u's mom] Oh.
Oh.
Oh, Dr. Jang. Good afternoon.
-Oh, hello, ma'am.
-[Yeon-u's mom] Oh, gosh.
You still look so busy.
Aren't there any juniors joining you?
I should file a complaint then
or something.
No, it's okay.
But what brings you in here today?
Uh, did you want to talk to me
about something?
Oh, no, I was in the area,
so I thought I'd drop by.
My friend's daughter turned one today,
so I just had lunch with them.
Oh, the baby's skin was so flawless,
and not a single scar in sight
to ruin her face.
But as for Yeon-u…
her tiny little body
is covered with a lot of scars, you know.
Uh…
We changed her dressings
as often as we could,
and we paid extra attention
to minimize the scarring.
We're very sorry.
Oh, no, please, don't be.
I know you adored Yeon-u
just as much as I did.
Uh, wasn't it about a month
before Yeon-u died?
Around the afternoon,
Yeon-u started vomiting
after she took the meds.
-And then, you even took care of her…
-[phone chimes]
I'm sorry. Just a moment.
[Gyeo-ul] Yes, Professor.
Yeah. I've wrapped up everything
I have to do here, so I can go now.
All right, understood.
My professor needs me.
Yes.
[somber music]
Yes. And you just need me
to procure it, right?
Okay, I'll make sure to check.
[sighs deeply]
Just let it go.
And make sure you don't do it again.
Hey, Ms. Han.
Why can't I know anything
I haven't experienced before?
I'm just incapable of learning things
on my own.
I always have to start from zero.
I can't be a good doctor,
-I have no skills, and I'm stupid…
-[phone chimes]
[sighs]
I suck at everything I do.
-Hello?
-[nurse] Hello, this is the ER.
We have a 38-year-old,
who's 19 weeks pregnant
and had a watery discharge
since lunchtime.
PROM is suspected. Are you free
to come down and take a look for us?
She's not a follow-up patient.
She noticed the discharge
and came straight to the ER right away.
Sure, I can see her. I have to go.
[hurried footsteps]
[nurse] Ah, we managed to pull it off
after we called you.
-Oh, really? The peripheral line is in?
-Yes, we put it in.
Great, we can put the central line in now.
Right.
PEDIATRIC INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
[sighs]
And Dr. Do Jae-hak just arrived here too
to see Eun-ji.
[sighs]
NAME: SON EUN-JI
CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY
[gentle music]
[Hong-do] Oh, no.
The machine is even bigger than her.
She's waiting a heart transplant, right?
Mm-hm.
She's been hooked up to the VAD
for over three months now,
but we can't find a donor for her.
But Eun-ji is still staying strong.
What are you doing here?
[Hong-do gasps]
-Hello, Professor.
-Ah, hello, Professor Kim.
We just came by to see Eun-ji.
Jang Hong-do, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
I'm Jang Hong-do, in third year.
We've actually met a few times before.
Isn't this guy something?
-How come?
-He's spending his winter break
working here as a sub-intern
instead of hanging out with his friends.
[chuckles]
Even his twin sister Jang Yun-bok--
How's the VAD different from the ECMO?
Well…
Oh, Professor Kim.
If he's here to study,
that's what he should do.
Now, I expect an answer
the next time I see you.
Yes, sir.
You should be studying too.
Don't be one of the few people
who fail the board exam.
[mumbles]
Does he always have to be so mean?
-Oh! Eun-ji! She's awake.
-[chuckles]
-Eun-ji, you're awake!
-Hello!
[mumbles, chuckles]
-Oh, oh…
-Hi.
-Oh!
-[both chuckle]
-Hey, somebody left an umbrella here.
-[gasps]
Oh, that belongs to Yeon-u's mother's.
Here.
[phone beeps]
Hi. Is this Yeon-u's mother?
To be honest, I don't really get it,
you know what I mean?
What's up?
Wasn't Yeon-u hospitalized here
for a while?
But she ended up dying
after suffering terribly.
She was born prematurely
and went through several surgeries
and practically lived here
for three years.
I only got to know her for about a year,
but Da-yeong and Dr. Jang saw everything
ever since Yeon-u was a newborn.
-So she basically grew up here.
-[nurse] Yeah.
They even celebrated her 100th-day
and first birthday here.
I get that… she's made friends
with so many people here
and is grateful to the staff,
but honestly…
If my child died here
after suffering for so many years,
I wouldn't even want
to think of this place.
I'd hate to visit it too.
But that being said, what if…
[Da-yeong] She said
she'll pick it up tomorrow.
It's Yeon-u's birthday tomorrow.
So she's bringing cake.
-She'll be here tomorrow too?
-Mm-hm.
Hey, Da-yeong.
I just had this idea in my head,
but do you think that
Yeon-u's mother might be…
preparing to sue the hospital,
thinking that Yeon-u died here
because of some mistake
that our staff here made?
Is it possible she comes here often
to gather clues or evidence?
I'm not sure. She got along so well
with all of us and the doctors too.
She still speaks with Professor
Lee Ji-yeong who performed the surgery.
Well, I'm sure that's not it.
Yeah, I know, I was just saying.
You know, Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul and I
were always right by Yeon-u's side.
Dr. Jang isn't the type of person
to commit mistakes,
does that mean… that I did?
No. It was just a thought.
[inhales deeply]
Hmm.
[siren blaring]
Yes, good morning. I'm sure you told
Professor Kwon all the details,
but I want to ask
about the donor's condition.
Oh, was CPR performed?
I see.
Can you tell me the LFT results
and the amount of cardiac stimulants used?
I just wanted to double-check.
[sighs]
Move her to the delivery room.
Wait, wait, Doctor.
My baby will be okay, right?
I'm only 19 weeks pregnant.
My water shouldn't be breaking just yet.
Nothing will happen, right?
Well, we need to run some tests
to know what's going on.
We also need to find out
if it's amniotic fluid.
[sobs]
Okay.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-Has the professor arrived yet?
-Not yet.
And who's on duty today?
-Professor Yeom Se-hee.
-Ah.
Oh, there she is.
-[Seung-ju chuckles]
-[Se-hee] Good morning.
[Min-ha] She's 19 weeks pregnant.
Nitrazine positive
and with a gross rupture.
Right now, her AFI is at 3cm.
And PROM is suspected as well.
-Nineteen weeks?
-Yes.
Nineteen weeks and five days.
[sighs]
That is too soon.
[clicks tongue]
-Where is she now?
-At the MFICU.
[background chatter]
[sobbing]
Oh, no, Doctor.
We went through so much
just so we could conceive this baby.
I'm terribly sorry, but there's nothing
we can do at this stage of the pregnancy.
[Se-hee] You need to be at least
24 weeks pregnant for us to save it.
Waiting won't help too
as this is happening very early.
And even if we decide to wait,
the baby's lungs won't develop right,
because your water broke prematurely.
The baby won't last very long…
even if it's already been delivered.
[shaky breathing]
And this might cause inflammation,
which might put you in more danger.
[sobbing]
You might need…
some time to prepare yourself
to say goodbye.
Take your time.
[sobbing]
[somber music]
[door slides open]
[crying]
[somber music continues]
[Min-ha] Premature rupture of membranes
at 19 weeks.
Can't keep the baby as it's lost
most of its amniotic fluid.
If we were to deliver it now, the fetus
will not be considered viable,
its chances of survival will be low too.
PROM can cause a prolapsed umbilical cord,
a womb infection or preterm labor pains,
which can be very dangerous.
It can also cause inflammation
in the mother's body.
If prematurely born,
the baby's underdeveloped lung
could cause complications
such as breathing difficulties.
[keyboard clacking]
Oh, boy. That's quite a chart, isn't it?
She must feel really devastated now, huh?
Yeah, I know.
I only hope that she can let it go
and pull herself together soon.
It'll only get harder if she drags it on.
-[siren wailing in distance]
-[sighs]
The ambulances are so busy today too.
[So-ye] Se-ho. Se-ho.
[hissing]
Do you know where you are now? Se-ho.
Hmm. It's okay, Se-ho.
You're in the hospital now. It'll be okay.
Have you called Pediatric Surgery?
Dr. Jang just went out for a procurement.
It'll take her some time.
Oh, that's not good.
I think we should call Professor Ahn.
Professor Ahn is probably in surgery now.
[line rings]
[nurse] This is Professor Ahn's phone.
He's in surgery now,
he can't come to the phone.
This is Kang So-ye, a fellow in the ER.
I called because
Professor Ahn's patient just came in.
[So-ye] Traffic accident,
8 years old, male.
Drowsy mental state. 80 over 60 BP,
and heart rate of 120.
Based on the physical exam…
If you see a noticeable difference
in the diameters,
-keep the stitches small.
-All right.
[So-ye] …but we have spotted
some fluid collection.
An emergency--
We need to do surgery.
Examine the patient.
-[beeps]
-[So-ye gasps]
[Jeong-won] Intestinal anastomosis
is done.
Please seal up the rest.
And call me when you're finished.
[sighs]
[Jeong-won] What are his current vitals?
[So-ye] BP is 70 over 50,
and his heart rate is 130.
[Se-ho moans in pain]
[moans in pain]
Se-ho, does that hurt a lot?
[groans]
I'm sorry, but could you book
an operating room for me?
Um, sure.
[stammers]
What?
You want a different doctor?
I was reading a blog post about
Professor Yang Seok-hyeong helping someone
who was 18 weeks pregnant
deliver her baby.
[sighs]
I'm very, very sorry.
I know it's rude for me
to make this request.
I'm fully aware that
I shouldn't be asking you this,
but I don't feel any shame right now.
[exhales deeply]
Please, help me, Doctor.
Could you please ask Professor
Yang Seok-hyeong about it just once?
I'm really sorry.
[sobbing]
I know the situation is really bad, but…
I can feel my baby moving.
How can I give it up?
[sighs]
[sighs deeply]
[breathes heavily]
-[Se-hee] Who is it?
-It's me, Chu Min-ha, Professor.
-[Se-hee] Come on in.
-All right.
[dramatic music]
All right, that's fine.
Let her have her way. I don't really care.
All right, then, Professor.
-[Seok-hyeong] Who is it?
-It's Min-ha.
[Seok-hyeong] Come in.
I tried explaining it to her
several times,
but she's saying she still won't give up.
She won't give up as long as
she still feels the baby.
By any chance…
would you say
that she's on the slimmer side?
Sorry?
Mm, yeah.
She conceived after three rounds of IVF.
She practically begged me, she said she
wanted to try everything that she could.
What did Professor Yeom say?
She said she doesn't really care
and it's your call.
Really?
-I'll examine the patient.
-Are you serious?
-Where is the patient now?
-In the MFICU.
-I'll go see my outpatients first.
-All right, understood.
Please text me her name
and her registration number too.
-Will do.
-Mm.
[clicks tongue]
[playful music playing]
-[Seok-hyeong] Hmm.
-Hmm.
[Seok-hyeong] Hmm.
Go on.
Uh…
Please have a nice day.
[chuckles]
[Min-ha giggles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
The situation does look bad indeed.
The baby really does have
a slim chance to live.
[whimpers]
But I wouldn't say
it's got no chance at all,
so I trust that we still have hope,
and I'll do my very best.
[sobbing]
[gentle music]
Thank you so much, Doctor.
We'll put in an antibiotics
and see how it goes.
At week 23, we can have injections
to speed up lung development.
And thankfully enough, the baby's
movements in the womb seem all right.
You're not showing any signs of infection,
and you don't seem to have a fever.
If you experience contractions,
we can give you some meds that can
control that and see how it goes.
Okay.
-Thank you, Doctor.
-Well then, I'll see you two tomorrow.
Please take care.
[cries softly]
[door opens]
[exhales]
[approaching footsteps]
I bet you haven't had dinner yet.
So here's some pastries.
I feel bad I'm going home.
[sighs]
I feel like you've been working
all the night shifts for the OB-GYN.
Got a lot to do?
Organizing charts? So is there a problem?
Just look at this one.
"At 19 weeks…"
[Min-ha] Premature rupture of membranes
at 19 weeks.
Lost most of her amniotic fluid,
but the fetal movements look good.
Breech presentation.
No signs of infection in the womb.
And no contractions detected.
Antibiotics will be given
to prevent infection in the womb.
Contractions will be regulated
should they occur.
If stable condition is maintained
until Week 23,
the fetus will finally be viable,
and betamethasone will be considered.
C-section will be performed if needed.
Well, it looks like the patient
will be able to keep the baby.
WATERY DISCHARGE
CAN'T KEEP THE BABY AS SHE HAS LOST
MOST OF HER AMNIOTIC FLUID
Hmm. Oh, I see. This will be difficult.
Don't you notice anything strange?
Yes, I do.
You can't organize your charts like this.
[exhales deeply]
You can't have two different patients
in one profile.
It's the same patient.
The same day, the exact same patient.
And the charts were written
by the same person,
Chu Min-ha. By me.
It's the same patient.
And on the same day.
And with the same resident…
working with a different professor,
but the content of the chart
changed in just a few hours.
[sighs]
[moans]
Professor Ahn!
-[So-ye] Good evening.
-Ah, hi. Good evening to you.
-[doctors] Good evening, sir.
-Hello.
Are you done for the day?
-Yeah, I'm headed out.
-Ah…
Oh, Professor Ahn, I'm on duty tonight.
Can you buy me a coffee?
[So-ye chuckles awkwardly]
You can use this to get coffee.
[So-ye] Oh, thanks.
Just give my ID badge to Gwang-hyeon.
I can just get it from him
tomorrow morning.
Thank you, Professor.
Hmm.
[sniffles]
[rain pattering]
EMERGENCY CENTER
It's cold. Come out when I call you.
I knew you'd do that.
I'd be right there, hold on.
[phone beeps]
I blow-dried my hair.
So could you stop raining, please.
[sighs]
-[chuckles]
-[gasps]
[chuckles]
[both chuckle]
[cheerful music]
Let's go. I'm starving.
-Okay.
-[chuckles]
["Confession is Not Flashy"
by Kyuhyun playing]
All right, let's go.
-Aren't you hungry?
-Yes, I'm starving.
-[Jeong-won] Well, what shall we have?
-[Gyeo-ul] Hm, I'm good with anything.
[Jeong-won] Oh, really?
Ah! Then, where can we eat
to make everyone jealous?
[Gyeo-ul] What?
No one can know about this!
[Jeong-won] Ah. Oh, right.
We have to keep this a secret.
["Confession is Not Flashy"
by Kyuhyun playing]
Professor Lee Ik-jun asked me twice
today alone.
He asked if you and I
were seeing each other.
He said we're just putting on an act.
He told me to tell him the truth,
and swore that he wouldn't tell anyone.
I think I'll tell my friends
sometime next week.
They'll keep their lips sealed,
and I know they'll keep it under wraps.
Mm-hm.
I'm totally fine with it as long as
you're fine with it too.
So if there's anyone you wanna tell,
go ahead.
I don't really care.
Okay, let me think about it.
There's one person I wanna tell.
Who? Is it Dr. Chu Min-ha?
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[Jeong-won] When you went to the ER
for the anaphylaxis,
she stayed up with you all night.
You're both ARMYs.
Yes, how did you find all of that out?
I just heard about it.
-I think Ik-jun told me before.
-[Gyeo-ul] Ah.
Also, aren't you on duty tomorrow?
I saw the schedule.
You're working all the night shifts
this week except today.
Will you be all right?
Hmm.
I can stay with you at night tomorrow.
I mean, I'd be
in my office working, obviously.
[chuckles softly]
[chuckles]
[clicks tongue]
I can't really help you with your tasks,
but I can… stay up all night with you.
[clicks tongue]
No, it's okay. Really, it's all right.
Hmm.
Oh, by the way,
there's something I want to ask you.
What is it?
Hmm, it's one personal question
and one work question.
Hmm…
[clicks tongue]
What's the personal one?
Can you and I
go to the movies this weekend?
[chuckles]
Of course.
Now, the work-related one.
Well…
It's about Yeon-u.
The kid who passed away last autumn.
Professor Lee Ji-yeong's patient.
Mmm.
Yeon-u's mother has been paying visits
to the hospital a lot lately…
ever since Yeon-u died last month.
[Gyeo-ul] Hmm…
She'd intentionally book
an appointment just to visit,
or say she'd stopped by
because she was in the area.
It looks like she visits the hospital
for no actual reason.
She always looks for me whenever she does.
I get the feeling that
she really wants to tell me something.
But I can't figure out what it could be.
You think I should ask her what it is that
she really wants me to talk about?
Or should I just continue
to feign ignorance
like what I'm doing with her now?
I really don't know what to do.
[clicks tongue]
She keeps on visiting
because she wants to talk about Yeon-u.
I can't think of no other reason.
It's obvious.
No one else remembers her child,
but you guys. You know that right?
[soft music]
Their relatives must have only met Yeon-u
once or maybe twice.
And Yeon-u didn't go to daycare,
so she doesn't have many teachers.
Yeon-u basically lived
in the hospital since she was born,
so no one outside the hospital
remembers her,
and that's why she comes back.
And Yeon-u's mother, I'm sure
she wants to keep talking about her
but she has nobody to talk to…
except for the doctors and nurses
who took care of her for a long time.
[clicks tongue]
She's grateful
for everything that you did,
but she also wants to talk to you
about her.
She might make you uncomfortable
or avoid it altogether,
but the next time that you see her,
go try talking to her first instead
then maybe buy her
a cup of coffee or something.
Nobody keeps visiting forever.
She'll stop coming eventually.
All of us have to move on someday.
And so until then,
give her a warm welcome
every time that you see her.
-Right.
-[both chuckle]
Let's eat.
[rain pattering]
[shaky breathing]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[mumbles, breathes heavily]
[Min-ha gasps]
Come in. I can see you.
Thanks.
[light music]
Thank you for the coffee, Professor.
-[Seok-hyeong] Mm-hm.
-[chair scrapes]
Professor Yang,
I guess it really is winter now.
You're drinking hot coffee
instead of an iced Americano today.
[coughs]
I guess…
you're not scared of me at all.
I am. I'm very scared of you.
So what's wrong?
I'm tired and I wanna go home.
I have two questions I want to ask.
-Just one question.
-Just one question?
Mm-hm, just one question per day.
One question a day
and I'll answer it nicely.
So that way, I don't have to get angry.
Oh, what do I do?
What if I combine
the two questions into one?
[chuckles]
That's not allowed.
[Min-ha] Mmm.
Okay.
Patient Kim Su-jeong…
The PROM patient who was admitted today.
What exactly made you decide
the way you did
when you were faced with that situation?
We can't guarantee
the treatment will be successful.
So what made you decide that way
knowing the chances are slim?
I was so impressed by that.
[inhales deeply]
Hm, I just wanted to help
the patient and her baby out.
She only felt her baby sooner
because she was on the slimmer side.
The fact that she can feel her baby…
shows us that
the baby still wants to live.
If both the mother and the baby are…
determined to get through with this,
then I think helping them out is
the best choice to make in this situation
even the chances might be slim.
But then, what if…
something bad happens to both
the baby and the mother…
What if her family blames you for it?
Aren't you afraid of that happening?
Um…
I am.
I am afraid of that too.
But I won't be able to do anything
if I think about that.
"What's the best choice I can make now?"
That's what I focus on.
You should go. It's already past midnight.
Oh, I'm sorry, Professor.
[awkward chuckle]
Excuse me.
-Wait, Professor Yang.
-Hm?
It's already past midnight.
I know. I'll be leaving soon.
No, it's not that.
It's officially a new day,
so I can ask you
another question now, right?
Is it all right
if I ask the question of the day?
[chuckles]
Sure.
What is it?
Right. Um, well…
About Professor Yoon Seon-ju in Room 7109.
Could you tell me what's your relationship
with his daughter?
There have been some rumors going around
the hospital that she's your girlfriend.
[Seok-hyeong] She's my ex-wife.
Professor Yoon Seon-ju's daughter
is my ex-wife.
Ah.
So are you doing anything
tomorrow evening?
You don't have any surgeries
or outpatient appointments.
Oh, and I'm not working
the night shift either.
I have band practice with my friends
after my shift tomorrow.
But Dr. Chae is in Sokcho.
Song-hwa is in Seoul right now.
She got a new car,
so she'll give us a ride and…
Now, wait a minute, why am I telling you
all of this? What am I doing?
Good night, Professor.
[Min-ha giggles]
[door opens, closes]
[bright music]
[Ik-jun] We picked the right song
for a rainy day.
Did you pick the song?
Oh, no.
I didn't know that it'd rain.
There's a rumor going around
you're dating someone.
I don't care about that.
Are you sure you didn't spread that?
Ooh, that's so cold.
Come on, why would I?
"She's his ex-wife, not girlfriend."
I wonder if I should tell people
about that or not.
Hey, wait a sec. Jeong-won,
are you and Gyeo-ul really not dating?
Mind your own business.
Jun-wan's little lady's in the UK.
A long-distance relationship they call it.
Really? Where in the UK?
I think she's in London.
London?
Don't tell me…
[comical music]
Could you ask her if she knows Ik-sun?
My sister's in London now, you know.
-Oh, all right. Um, I'll ask her.
-Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Make sure you ask her though.
My sister's always the life of the party,
so you may have already met her.
-Yeah, sure, I'll ask her.
-Good.
-Don't forget.
-Oh, no, no. I won't.
-You know, London is just a…
-Is that her new car?
[all] Ooh…
[exclaiming continues]
[Ik-jun] That's a nice set of wheels.
[Ik-jun laughs]
[all] Ooh…
[Ik-jun] I got shotgun!
[Seok-hyeong whimpers]
-[Jun-wan] Get in.
-[groans]
It sure is raining a lot.
There's no rush.
We can wait for the car to move.
We can just watch the rain.
Fine.
Did you pick it up today?
Yesterday. I bought it with my own money.
Obviously. I mean, who buys a car
with someone else's money?
[gasps]
You're not the type
to leave these things on, are you?
Yes! Yes, I am! Argh. Damnit!
I bought this yesterday.
Why would you take it off?
You were gonna do it eventually.
Oh, hey, the hazard lights.
Let's move the car a little.
[sighs]
Seriously, Ik-jun.
Did you really have to do that?
-[Jeong-won] Hey, Song-hwa.
-Yeah?
Why do I always have to sit here?
Great, he's at it again.
[Ik-jun] Hey, Song-hwa, look here.
You have to look at the camera here.
It shows you everything
you need on, on the road.
Oh, wow, you're right!
Hey, that's been around for so long.
Hey, Ik-jun, you should sit here.
Sit in the middle for once.
No way. The seat warmer is on.
But you've never sat in the middle.
Everybody here has sat
in the middle at least once already!
But you've never done it.
And this is my third damn time
in a row already.
Jeez, what a creep.
Is he a pervert or a genius? I can't tell.
[Song-hwa] We're heading out.
Hey, Ahn Jeong-won, can we get going now?
-Yes, ma'am.
-Hey, Mom? What should I eat for dinner?
My friends and I will be ordering in.
Should I get kalguksu or fried chicken?
[Seok-hyeong] How many chickens?
This is hell. I'm in hell.
You know, I gotta say,
U-ju is probably more mature than we are.
[sighs]
Good grief, you guys.
[light music]
[approaching footsteps]
Good evening.
[Da-yeong] Oh, you're here.
Just wait a second.
[sentimental music]
-Here, you forgot your umbrella last time.
-Oh, no.
I only came here to pick this up.
[chuckles]
Here, please. This cake is for you.
Oh, no. I'm the only one here right now.
Just take it home
and enjoy it with your family.
But we already had one.
We also had seaweed soup this morning.
We even wished Yeon-u a happy birthday
and had some cake together too.
So, I, I got this
for the Pediatric Surgery team.
Oh, but still,
I can't finish this all myself.
[Gyeo-ul] I can eat the whole thing.
-[Yeon-u's mom] Dr. Jang, good evening.
-Good evening.
It's all right. I think we can accept
the cake, Da-yeong.
I can finish it on my own.
Uh, okay.
[chuckles]
Dr. Jang, are you working
the night shift again?
Oh, my, you're always so busy.
I've actually gotten more used to it,
so I have a lot of spare time
to kill this evening.
Make sure that
you look after yourself too, Doctor.
[chuckles]
You're busy. Sorry, I'm wasting your time.
I'll be leaving now, then.
Oh, wait a minute.
In case you're free, would you like
to grab a cup of coffee with me now?
It's my treat, don't worry about it.
Sure.
Let's go.
Uh, this way.
Thank you.
[Yeon-u's mother] Thank you.
["Rain and You" playing]
♪ I don't miss you anymore ♪
♪ I don't even want to see you ♪
♪ I'm even beginning to forget the fact
That we were in love ♪
♪ Quietly ♪
♪ I don't understand ♪
♪ Why I feel this way ♪
♪ I cry when it rains ♪
♪ Just like the day I left you ♪
♪ Many years ago ♪
♪ I'm okay now ♪
♪ I've given up on love ♪
♪ Why am I ♪
♪ Crying like a fool? ♪
I really do visit this place
too often, huh?
I'm so sorry.
My husband keeps asking me
why I come here.
I really don't know why I do it,
but I keep coming anyway.
It's really okay, ma'am.
I can be very quiet and blunt.
Uh, I know I'm not good with words.
And I don't know how to console others.
But if you ever want to talk about
or missing Yeon-u,
then feel free to visit me
anytime you want, okay?
[sobbing softly]
Thank you, Doctor.
And if you think about it, I know
much about Yeon-u as you do after all.
You're not going to find anyone
who understands you better than me.
Yes.
Dr. Jang.
Whenever I come by here,
people would always refer
to me as Yeon-u's mom.
And I love it when they say that.
Now that Yeon-u is no longer with us,
no one knows I'm Yeon-u's mom anymore.
[sniffles]
But whenever I come here,
everyone still refers to me
as Yeon-u's mom.
People tell me…
that I should just put behind…
these bad memories and move on,
but I don't want to…
to lose Yeon-u so soon.
The poor little boy had such a short life.
I want to remember Yeon-u
for as long as I possibly can.
["Rain and You" continues playing]
Oh…
Here take this.
I thought that I probably shouldn't give
it to you because it's embarrassing,
but I still wanted to say thank you.
♪ The faint memories ♪
♪ That I vaguely remember now ♪
♪ They truly broke my heart ♪
♪ I hate you ♪
♪ But I still miss you ♪
♪ I'm okay now ♪
♪ I've given up on love ♪
♪ Why am I ♪
♪ Crying like a fool? ♪
♪ I know you won't come back to me ♪
♪ I hate myself
For still being hung up on you ♪
♪ How much longer ♪
♪ Will my heart ache? ♪
♪ I'm okay now ♪
♪ I've given up on love ♪
♪ Why am I ♪
♪ Crying like a fool? ♪
♪ Why am I crying? ♪
[guitar strums]
[Jun-wan] Right, we're going.
[Song-hwa] Wait, I'll drive you guys home.
I said, I can drive you home.
No. that's all right.
We can take a cab instead.
You can drive Ik-jun home.
[Ik-jun] Yes, please!
Song-hwa, you know,
if you hook up your phone to your car,
you can listen to music
while driving. You should try it.
[scoffs]
I always listen to music when I drive.
It's called connecting to Bluetooth.
Yes, I'm aware.
Have a safe trip to Sokcho.
-Mm-hm. Bye.
-[Jeong-won] Bye.
Oh, gosh, I'm getting sleepy.
-Drive safely, okay? See you this weekend.
-[Song-hwa] Mm-hm.
-See you, Ik-jun.
-[Ik-jun] Right, enjoy.
He wants to watch New Journey to the West.
[chuckles]
Yeah, I know that much.
-So, where's your car?
-Right up front.
-Shall we?
-Mm-hm.
Should we turn on the radio?
Put on that song.
The one that we practiced earlier.
Okay.
[somber music playing]
["Rain and You" by Lee Mujin playing]
[Seok-hyeong] Hello? Yeah, what's up?
Is everything all right?
I still have surgery to attend to.
[Sin-hye] Do you have any plans
for tonight? Let's have dinner together.
I won't be out of the OR until eight.
[Sin-hye] That's all right.
I'll come by the hospital around eight.
All right, see you.
[Sin-hye] See you later.
[Seok-hyeong sighs]
[line ringing]
-[Ik-jun] Yeah?
-[Song-hwa] Where are you?
-[Ik-jun] The OR.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
[Ik-jun] Oh, no, no, it's fine.
They're still getting ready anyway.
I just went down early.
I'm just waiting in the lounge now.
How about you?
Me? I'm at Yulje.
[Ik-jun] What? Why are you back?
I thought you wanted
to take it easy for a bit?
Why do you keep coming back to Seoul?
Cut down on work.
-Just say no. Want me to do it for you?
-[chuckles]
Yes, I heard you.
Don't worry, I'll take care of it.
Hey, Ik-jun, when will you be done
with the surgery?
[Ik-jun] Me?
I wanna say around eight or nine. Why?
Then I'll drop by your office then.
[Ik-jun] Oh, really? Well,
go do what you need to do then.
I'll call you when I'm out.
Or just go home and get some rest.
I'll stop by later.
No, I'll just go to your office.
I can find things to do to kill time.
Just do a good job, okay?
[Ik-jun] I always do a good job.
All right, see you.
Mm-hm.
[phone beeps]
[sighs]
[Sin-hye] We could have gone
somewhere else.
[Seok-hyeong chuckle awkwardly]
But the food here is good.
Oh, by the way, is everything okay?
What's going on?
[soft chuckle]
You always keep asking
if everything's okay.
Everything's just fine.
Dad's doing all right too.
Everything is okay.
Then what are you doing here?
I just wanted to have dinner with you.
So I came over here
to have dinner with you.
[soft music]
We should…
meet up like this every once in a while
and have dinner together.
Is it okay if we do that?
[sighs]
[cup clanks]
[clears throat]
-[line rings]
-[sighs]
[Song-hwa] Are you finished?
Yeah, I just finished. But where are you?
I'm starving now.
I'll go to you. Where are you?
[Song-hwa] Oh, no, I'll go to you.
Stay in your office.
-[exhales]
-[beeps]
[solemn music]
[sighs]
Take a seat.
It's all right.
I'll make it short and get going.
I'm giving you my answer.
To what?
That thing you asked me in Sokcho.
[clears throat]
Don't tell her how you feel.
I don't think you should tell her
how you feel.
You said you've known her a while.
And if you tell her,
things might get really awkward.
"I just want us to stay best friends.
I want things to stay the way they are."
She'll probably say that.
So, if I were you…
I wouldn't tell her.
[chuckles]
Could you stop asking for advice?
I'm off.
[door closes]
[lively guitar music]
-Professor, have you already heard?
-About what?
Haven't you heard? They said
they're requesting
for the best neurosurgeon at our hospital.
And the one they chose is you.
Please send them over to me
as soon as you can.
I have five phone calls about
it so far today.
I need to work harder.
-[Jeong-won] Are you free this weekend?
-[Jun-wan] Why?
-We need to talk.
-Talk.
A professor's card? Is it yours?
Love's in the air in GS.
-Take it easy.
-Why flowers?
-[Min-ha] Professor.
-[Ik-jun] You startled me.
-What's going on?
-[Jeong-won] What?
[Ik-jun] I'm curious and I need answers.
Our goal is to get the baby out as safely
as possible. Double-check everything.
"Introduction to Obstetrics." Oh, boy..
You're studying your textbooks again?
[Min-ha] Uh, like there's something
running down there…
[woman 1] Her condition is only
gotten worse ever since she came.
[woman 2] You were recommended to me.
[Seon-bin] Well, she had
a very doubtful look in her eyes.
[sighs]
Oh, gosh.
[Seon-bin] The way
that she looked at me tells me
that she doesn't wanna trust me
no matter what.
[Ik-jun] Countless people die every year
because they can't find
any donors anywhere.
Nothing seems to be going my way anymore.
I don't think…
his heart can hold out any longer.